feat(changelog): billing-changed-new-billing-space 2024-02-29 (#2814)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2024/2024-02-29-billing-changed-new-billing-space.mdx

---
title: New billing space
status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #billing-cost-management channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-02-29
category: billing
product: billing
---

> **New Billing Space Now Available!**
> 
> We're excited to announce the launch of our new Billing Space! You can access this space from the right-hand menu of the console. Here's what you'll find:
> 
> - **Overview Page**: Get essential information for managing your usage and invoices.
> - **Consumption Management**: Track your budget alerts and soon, the Cost Manager tool for cost tracking.
> - **Optimization Page**: Access vouchers and upcoming cost optimization offers.
> - **Billing and Payments Information**: Dedicated section for all your billing and payment details.
> 
> Explore these new features today and manage your billing more efficiently than ever before!
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**New Billing Space available!**

Our brand-new Billing Space is now live and ready for you to explore. Accessible right from the console's right-hand menu, this space is designed to streamline your billing experience. Here is what is in for you:

- **Overview Page**: Your go-to destination for essential information on managing your usage and invoices.
- **Consumption Management**: Track your budget alerts and soon, the Cost Manager tool for cost tracking.
- **Optimization Page**: Access vouchers and upcoming cost optimization offers.
- **Billing and Payments Information**: A dedicated section for all your billing and payment details.

Explore these new features today and manage your billing more efficiently than ever before!
```
